posts/kuala-lumpur-two.md, before:

---
title: 'Kuala Lumpur II'
date: '2016-09-23'
---

Nothing cures a hangover like 40 screaming kids. Seriously though today was incredible. I volunteered at a school for Chin Refugees in Kuala Lumpur, but I ended up learning so much more than I was able to teach. The Rohingya people are referred to as the most persecuted people on earth and fled their homes due to strong hostility in Myanmar. In Malaysia, these children are unable to attend local schools, so the Chin Student Organisation has formed in hopes of providing these “forgotten children” with an education.

When I got to the school I was thoroughly confused. Another Remote and I had taken an Uber and I was convinced I had given our driver the wrong address. I didn’t see anything that looked like a school; but I could hear the kids. We walked up some stairs to a tiny, dilapidated apartment as one of the organizers was walking out. He was happy to see us. He showed us into a room where two other Remotes were leading a small class of 7-10 year olds. In the next room, our group of 5-7 year olds was waiting for us. The organizer introduced us to the kids, thanked us, and told us we could follow the workbooks or we could teach whatever we want and promptly left us to fend for ourselves. I must’ve looked terrified.

The kids quickly put me at ease. They have these big, bright smiles and are so eager to learn from and interact with the volunteer teachers. I’d like to say I was able to teach the kids something super advanced and useful, an introductory lesson in “thumb war” was the best I could do. It was actually a hit. I definitely learned more from them than anything, but I plan to return with something more to give.

I also met up with a startup that works to empower Malaysians to build their own businesses. Since refugees are not privy to the same basic rights many of us take for granted, their best bet at success is to build a business. Makespace focuses on building an inspirational space for events, while also providing the tools one might need to kick-start a business. They’re operating under the thinking that, when you’re stripped of all privilege, you can still find success and rise above with an awesome idea.

Commit message:

adding hero with featured blog post

posts/kuala-lumpur-two.md, after:

---
title: 'Kuala Lumpur II'
date: '2016-09-23'
author: 'Rolando Noe Rios'
coverImage: '/images/blog/kualalumpurtwo/kl2.jpg'
excerpt: 'Nothing cures a hangover like 40 screaming kids. Seriously though today was incredible. I volunteered at a school for Chin Refugees in Kuala Lumpur, but I ended up learning so much more than I was able to teach. The Rohingya people are referred to as the most persecuted people on earth and fled their homes due to strong hostility in Myanmar. In Malaysia, these children are unable to attend local schools, so the Chin Student Organisation has formed in hopes of providing these “forgotten children” with an education.'
---

Nothing cures a hangover like 40 screaming kids. Seriously though today was incredible. I volunteered at a school for Chin Refugees in Kuala Lumpur, but I ended up learning so much more than I was able to teach. The Rohingya people are referred to as the most persecuted people on earth and fled their homes due to strong hostility in Myanmar. In Malaysia, these children are unable to attend local schools, so the Chin Student Organisation has formed in hopes of providing these “forgotten children” with an education.

When I got to the school I was thoroughly confused. Another Remote and I had taken an Uber and I was convinced I had given our driver the wrong address. I didn’t see anything that looked like a school; but I could hear the kids. We walked up some stairs to a tiny, dilapidated apartment as one of the organizers was walking out. He was happy to see us. He showed us into a room where two other Remotes were leading a small class of 7-10 year olds. In the next room, our group of 5-7 year olds was waiting for us. The organizer introduced us to the kids, thanked us, and told us we could follow the workbooks or we could teach whatever we want and promptly left us to fend for ourselves. I must’ve looked terrified.

The kids quickly put me at ease. They have these big, bright smiles and are so eager to learn from and interact with the volunteer teachers. I’d like to say I was able to teach the kids something super advanced and useful, an introductory lesson in “thumb war” was the best I could do. It was actually a hit. I definitely learned more from them than anything, but I plan to return with something more to give.

I also met up with a startup that works to empower Malaysians to build their own businesses. Since refugees are not privy to the same basic rights many of us take for granted, their best bet at success is to build a business. Makespace focuses on building an inspirational space for events, while also providing the tools one might need to kick-start a business. They’re operating under the thinking that, when you’re stripped of all privilege, you can still find success and rise above with an awesome idea.
