posts/kuala-lumpur-one.md, before:

---
title: 'Kuala Lumpur I'
date: '2016-09-16'
---

With week-two done, I can safely say this was a good idea. I’ve managed to figure out an appropriate work schedule and have developed a nice separation between worktime and playtime. Since my last post, I have accomplished a few things: I’ve made friends with some of the other Remotes, booked my first side-trip (a weekend in the Perhentian Islands with those same friends), and managed to get a full 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep on more than one occasion.

So what exactly is Remote Year and who are these Remotes? Remote year bills itself as a group of 75 Digital Nomads from across the globe, spending a year working, traveling, and exploring 12 cities. Basically, I get rid of all my things in LA and I give Remote Year all my rent/car/insurance money. In return, they coordinate all travel between cities, all accommodations in each city, and provide a co-working environment with reliable internet wherever we go.

These are the things you can put a monetary value on.  The broader benefits for me are inestimable.  Our co-working space has already afforded me the opportunity to collaborate with other Digital Nomads from around the world on personal and professional projects of all types, and spending my daily life outside my comfort-zone has made writing more natural and inspired.  Today I visited the famous Petronas Towers, picked up lunch from a street vendor, and watched children play in a big blue fountain, before heading to the office to write this post.  What could be better?

On to what’s next.  After Kuala Lumpur, expect inspiration from Thailand, Cambodia, Croatia, Czech Republic, Portugal, Mexico City, Columbia, Peru, and Argentina.  I’ll be blogging about my remote experience, about the community I’m traveling with, and about the cultures I’m exploring.  I’ll be doing my best to impact local communities in a positive way.  At the end of this week I have a dinner with refugees scheduled.  Later I’ll meet with a group that is struggling to provide an education to Myanmar children who have been rejected by their nation, and have not been recognized by the Malaysian government.  They are forgotten children.  I’ll also continue to deliver social copy for my clients at Ayzenberg in between spicy meals and dodging Malaysian sex workers.  Here’s to doing more and #creatingAwesome.  ‘Till next time.

Commit message:

adding hero with featured blog post

posts/kuala-lumpur-one.md, after:

---
title: 'Kuala Lumpur I'
date: '2016-09-16'
author: 'Rolando Noe Rios'
coverImage: '/images/blog/kualalumpurone/kualalumpur.jpg'
excerpt: 'With week-two done, I can safely say this was a good idea. I’ve managed to figure out an appropriate work schedule and have developed a nice separation between worktime and playtime. Since my last post, I have accomplished a few things: I’ve made friends with some of the other Remotes, booked my first side-trip (a weekend in the Perhentian Islands with those same friends), and managed to get a full 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep on more than one occasion.'
---

With week-two done, I can safely say this was a good idea. I’ve managed to figure out an appropriate work schedule and have developed a nice separation between worktime and playtime. Since my last post, I have accomplished a few things: I’ve made friends with some of the other Remotes, booked my first side-trip (a weekend in the Perhentian Islands with those same friends), and managed to get a full 8 hours of uninterrupted sleep on more than one occasion.

So what exactly is Remote Year and who are these Remotes? Remote year bills itself as a group of 75 Digital Nomads from across the globe, spending a year working, traveling, and exploring 12 cities. Basically, I get rid of all my things in LA and I give Remote Year all my rent/car/insurance money. In return, they coordinate all travel between cities, all accommodations in each city, and provide a co-working environment with reliable internet wherever we go.

These are the things you can put a monetary value on.  The broader benefits for me are inestimable.  Our co-working space has already afforded me the opportunity to collaborate with other Digital Nomads from around the world on personal and professional projects of all types, and spending my daily life outside my comfort-zone has made writing more natural and inspired.  Today I visited the famous Petronas Towers, picked up lunch from a street vendor, and watched children play in a big blue fountain, before heading to the office to write this post.  What could be better?

On to what’s next.  After Kuala Lumpur, expect inspiration from Thailand, Cambodia, Croatia, Czech Republic, Portugal, Mexico City, Columbia, Peru, and Argentina.  I’ll be blogging about my remote experience, about the community I’m traveling with, and about the cultures I’m exploring.  I’ll be doing my best to impact local communities in a positive way.  At the end of this week I have a dinner with refugees scheduled.  Later I’ll meet with a group that is struggling to provide an education to Myanmar children who have been rejected by their nation, and have not been recognized by the Malaysian government.  They are forgotten children.  I’ll also continue to deliver social copy for my clients at Ayzenberg in between spicy meals and dodging Malaysian sex workers.  Here’s to doing more and #creatingAwesome.  ‘Till next time.
