posts/remote-year.md, before:

---
title: 'Remote Year'
date: '2016-09-15'
---

Well, it’s been a crazy couple of weeks. In the past 14 days I’ve traveled a total of 11,396 miles; 21 hours of driving and 21 hours in flight. I’ve either sold or moved all my belongings across two time zones, and I’ve spent 14 hours in Hong Kong on a layover to remember.

I’ve also begun my Remote Year in Kuala Lumpur.

The next 365 days have countless experiences, dozens of cities, and at least 10 countries in store. But I can’t really write about what’s coming yet, so I’ll write about what brought me to the spot I’m in now.

A few months ago I started to think about my impending 2-year review at Ayzenberg. What would be my new goals? How could I position myself to do more? What was I going to do to grow creatively and how could I apply this growth to the rest of my life? I did what I usually do when I encounter a huge life dilemma; I picked up my phone and opened Instagram. I stared at photos of people in faraway places and swelled with wanderlust. I quickly scrolled past a sponsored post, as I tend to do, then I backed up — “Travel the world while working remotely. Applications now open.” I was already familiar with Remote Year. A designer at my last agency did this in 2015. This must have been why they were targeting me. Then I thought “Could I do this?” I work as a social media copywriter at an agency that truly seems to care about the professional and personal growth of their employees. I deliver all my work digitally, and do much of my professional collaboration online. But would they go for it? “What the hell, I’ll submit an application. I may not even get a response.” I got a response. The next couple of weeks consisted of a series of secondary applications, Skype interviews, and then an invitation. Now I had to pitch this to my agency. My director cautiously walked into the meeting I had scheduled – “You’re not leaving us are you?”

“Well… Not quite.”

Commit message:

adding hero with featured blog post

posts/remote-year.md, after:

---
title: 'Remote Year'
date: '2016-09-15'
author: 'Rolando Noe Rios'
coverImage: '/images/blog/remoteyear/ry.jpg'
excerpt: 'Well, it’s been a crazy couple of weeks. In the past 14 days I’ve traveled a total of 11,396 miles; 21 hours of driving and 21 hours in flight. I’ve either sold or moved all my belongings across two time zones, and I’ve spent 14 hours in Hong Kong on a layover to remember.'
---

Well, it’s been a crazy couple of weeks. In the past 14 days I’ve traveled a total of 11,396 miles; 21 hours of driving and 21 hours in flight. I’ve either sold or moved all my belongings across two time zones, and I’ve spent 14 hours in Hong Kong on a layover to remember.

I’ve also begun my Remote Year in Kuala Lumpur.

The next 365 days have countless experiences, dozens of cities, and at least 10 countries in store. But I can’t really write about what’s coming yet, so I’ll write about what brought me to the spot I’m in now.

A few months ago I started to think about my impending 2-year review at Ayzenberg. What would be my new goals? How could I position myself to do more? What was I going to do to grow creatively and how could I apply this growth to the rest of my life? I did what I usually do when I encounter a huge life dilemma; I picked up my phone and opened Instagram. I stared at photos of people in faraway places and swelled with wanderlust. I quickly scrolled past a sponsored post, as I tend to do, then I backed up — “Travel the world while working remotely. Applications now open.” I was already familiar with Remote Year. A designer at my last agency did this in 2015. This must have been why they were targeting me. Then I thought “Could I do this?” I work as a social media copywriter at an agency that truly seems to care about the professional and personal growth of their employees. I deliver all my work digitally, and do much of my professional collaboration online. But would they go for it? “What the hell, I’ll submit an application. I may not even get a response.” I got a response. The next couple of weeks consisted of a series of secondary applications, Skype interviews, and then an invitation. Now I had to pitch this to my agency. My director cautiously walked into the meeting I had scheduled – “You’re not leaving us are you?”

“Well… Not quite.”
